1. What has been your favorite project or proudest accomplishment? Why?

Recently , I have worked on implementing booking portal during summer internship.
This portal was designed to be used by back officers and customer.  After customer contact back officer with their requirements, back officers use this portal to create multiple packages for inspections of the products as per customers requirement and then this for can be viewed by customer, who can choose package of their choice and continue to payment.
For this application, I designed the backend system, and restful apis with Python-Django and Cassandra database.
While designing the apis and data modelling for this applications, 
I found that adding some features for example: automatic calculation of feature, oauth in the design, 
the app can be scalable and will have good user experience.  In order to get team member on board with, 
this idea, I have made documents and presentations in team meetings.  
Finally, everybody was on board with the idea with some suggestions and new 
feature addition proved to be beneficial, when the app was tested by Backoffice's, as per the poll.

2. Why do you want to work at Palantir?

My goal is to work in a fast paced growing environment, where 
I can collaborate to companies success with my problem solving, technical and coding kills. At Palantir , I will get the opportunity to do the same in a collaborative environment, 
where I can work on Palantir's customer's problem and contribute to their success.

(or)
I believe that I will be a  good fit for this role because it gives me an opportunity 
to apply my problem solving skills and technical experience in software industry and contribute to company's success. 

3. Why Bolt?

As I start my Career after graduation, I want to be a part of past paced growing environment, where I can  significantly contribute towards companies success. Bolt is the best companies to work for, where I can work on solve challenging problems faced by ecommerce industries which is evolving in these unprecedented times.
4 tell about yourself and why you would be a good fit at Bolt?
I am a graduate student at UC Santa Cruz in computer science with interest in learning
 new technologies and one of my hobby is writing technical blogs.  I offer almost 
3 years of industrial experience in software engineering. My recent experience as a software developer 
intern at a startup, where I worked on scalable designing and implementing inspection booking and billing  
application end to end in MVC framework. Security , authentication, authorization, scalability , stability of 
application were some of the main parts of the application. I believe that I will be a good fit at Bolt because, 
along with prior experience of working in similar technologies as Bolt, 
working for teams with diverse cultures helps me adapt to any culture quickly.

4. 
Hi,

I am a graduate student in UC Santa Cruz in computer science. I am passionate about learning and implementing new technologies. This summer , I worked as a software developer intern at Movley, where I implemented booking and billing application in Django and Cassandra, end-to end. I have done data modelling and implemented restful apis, deployed the backend on AWS after containerizing with docker. I have written integration tests in groovy.  Apart from these I was also involved in writing UI for the application in react native, using react-native-web. I am currently looking for software engineering roles where I can use my experience, problem solving and coding skills to solve challenging issues and contribute towards companies success. 

I am very interested in working At Ginkgo bioworks, as I will get this opportunity coupled with a great mission of making biology easier to engineer. 

Thanks and regards,
Ravina
